I'm totally sober. 
Follow your heart and your intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. 
Do not allow yourself to be distracted by the illusion of permanence, instead focus on the reality of flow.  
Every now and then you have to look the devil in the eyes and smile.
Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but a manner of traveling.
Self-doubt destroys more dreams than failure ever has.
You are your own worst critic. Be kinder to yourself.
I can handle not getting back to 100% but I can't handle not giving 100%
Because life is worth swimming!
Forget the past now is reality reality
There is no spoon
Intensity === happiness
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
Living fast and dying young sounds like fun. Until that last part. Living slow and meditating all day sounds peaceful. And boring. If you want to experience all that life has to offer then you have to live in both extremes, creating your very own balance.
Pain can be endured and defeated only if it is embraced.  Deny it or Fear it and it grows.
If you have a dream, if you want something, go after it, period.
what you do speaks so loud I cannot hear what you say
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
Yesterday was the only easy day.
It’s not the will to win that matters — everyone has that. It’s the will to prepare to win that matters.
No fate but what we make
Most men take the straight and narrow. A few take the road less traveled. I chose to cut through the woods.
Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion – you must set yourself on fire.
At first, dreams seem impossible, then improbable, and eventually inevitable.
In a world in which we are all slaves to the laws of gravity, I'm proud to be counted as one of the freedom fighters.
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows will fall behind you.
Pain is temporary but quitting lasts forever
Dream as if you will live forever, live as if you will die tomorrow.
Every bead of sweat falling off your head, every weight you've pumped -- the history of that is all in your eyes.
What we do in life echoes in Eternity.
In sport, as in life, the real opponent is within
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
We can always redeem the man who aspires and strives.
Life is so good i can taste it in my spit!
It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything.
Love is like a friendship that caught on fire.
Get busy living or get busy dying.
The only thing necessary for evil to triumph is for the good men to do nothing.
Knowing is not enough, you must apply; willing is not enough, you must do.
If you're going through hell just keep going.
Don't be an extra in your own movie. Be the star.
Help yourself.
You cannot make a weak man strong, by making a strong man weak.
Flashing Lights. Lasers On. Dropping Mother Fucking Bombs. 
It doesn't matter whether it is thinking about the exercise or thinking about something else. Thinking is thinking. See it, acknowledge it, let it go and return to the breath.
I must not fear.  Fear is the mind-killer.  Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me.  And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path.  Where the fear has gone there will be nothing.  Only I will remain.
Do not go where there is already a path, instead go where there is no path and leave a trail.
It's important to be smart but every once in while it's good to be lucky too.
HABIT, n. A shackle for the free.
Fly with me. There's a whole sky to see. Taking your mind with me into lucidity. Flying in unity could be normality. What you perceive to be is your reality.  
Rules aren't written for the exceptional, they are broken by them.
If you build it, they will come.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony
Love is always bestowed as a gift — freely, willingly and without expectation. We don’t love to be loved; we love to love.
Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner.
You don’t have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
A thing is a thing not what is said of that thing.
Today there is no excuse for not knowing something.  Arm yourself with knowledge and never stop learning.
A bird sitting in a tree is never afraid of the branch breaking, because her trust is not on the branch but on her own wings. Believe in yourself.
What one man calls God another calls the laws of physics.
Nothing exceeds like excess. You know that Tony. 
Think big. Plan small.
Magical Realism is defined as what happens when a highly detailed, realistic setting is invaded by something too strange to believe.
The more you seek the uncomfortable the more comfortable you become. 
I am my own experiment.  I am my own work of art.
A man who procrastinates in his choosing will inevitably have his choice made for him by circumstance. 
It's what you do in the dark that puts you in the light. 
Rule yourself.
Emotions are meant to flow. They should come and they should go. The flow keeps us light. It's when we start attaching ourselves to them that we end up giving them power over us. Easier said than done, I know, but let go of attachment. Take back your power and feel the lightness
Be curious. Observe anxiety with a sense of wonder, interested in it for its own sake rather than a strategy to get rid of it. If we completely understand anxiety, then we are free.
If you change your thoughts, you can change your life. It’s just a fact.
The beauty of waiting until the last minute to do something is that it'll only take a minute. 
Your critics do not count. Their words will fade but you won't.
People don´t buy what you do, they buy why you do it.
The dinosaurs went extinct because they didn't have a space program.
Life is the inevitable consequence of complex chemistry.  We are star dust.
All you have to do is know where you're going. The answers will come to you of their own accord.
Things arise and she lets them come, things disappear and she lets them go.  She has but doesn’t possess, acts but doesn't expect.
Life must be lived forward but can only be understood backwards.
The minute that you're not learning I believe you're dead.
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.
A person can be destroyed but not defeated.
When people talk, listen completely. Most people never listen. 
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.
I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is.
The art of living... is neither careless drifting on the one hand nor fearful clinging to the past on the other. It consists in being sensitive to each moment, in regarding it as utterly new and unique, in having the mind open and wholly receptive.
The pose does not exist, only the breath in a different shape.
Whether or not you are uncomfortable is true if you think it.  Our thoughts can make us a prisoner.  In Yoga we are practicing freedom. Can you just be? 
Don't let the bastards grind you down. 
Focus on the results, not the process. 
On life lessons:  "Nothing good happens between the hours of 4am and 6am."
If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration.
What we have called matter is energy, whose vibration has been so lowered as to be perceptible to the senses. There is no matter.
I jump to free my soul.
Cease the day boys, make your lives extraordinary.
Yogi's are spiritual warriors who bravely do battle with the universal enemy, self-ignorance (avidya), the ultimate source of all our suffering.  (Self-ignorance is ignorance of one's own character, powers, and limitations.)
The divine light within me salutes the divine light within you.  
The World is a complex place, accept it and try to work through it.
We must all suffer one of two things: The pain of discipline or the pain of regret and disappointment. 
Don't just do something, sit there.
You can't stop the waves but you can learn to surf.
That sounds good in practice but how does the theory sound?
It don’t mean a thing if it ain't got that swing.
He who travels faster travels alone but he who travels with others travels further.
If it doesn't challenge you it won't change you. 
We have only one life to appreciate the grand design of the universe and for that I am eternally grateful.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
The only difference between you and a caveman is the car you drive. 
It's sunny AF in my mind.
Be fearless in your pursuit of what sets your soul free. 
Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You
If you're not progressing, you're regressing; so keep moving forward.
If you live an ordinary life then all you'll have are ordinary stories. I choose a life of adventure. 
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.
Wine is fine but whiskey is quicker, suicide is slower with liquor.
I'm just navigating the path as it unfolds before us. 
You're just a ghost driving a meat-coated skeleton made from start dust, riding a rock hurling through space. 
Because "don't get eaten" should be on your to-do list once in a while
If gym equipment was invisible then gyms would look like silent raves.
Be as still as a Mountain but flow like a great River. 
The best thing to do when it is raining is to let it rain. 
There is never anything but the present, and if one cannot live there, one cannot live anywhere.
The cosmos is within us. We are made of star dust.  We are a way for the universe to know itself. 
Reality is not limited to the perception that we have traditionally used.  
We must not let people's limited perceptions to define us. 
The two most important days in our lives are the day we are born and the day we find out why.
Yoga is a martial art you do against yourself.
You cannot practice patience without having impatience to practice against. You cannot face your fears if you do not know what they are. Life is about contrast. The opposite of love is not hate, the opposite of love is suffering. 
We don't get what we want, we get what we think we deserve. 
Going back to an old relationship is like reading your favorite book and expecting a different ending to happen
I broke up with my fears so that I could marry my dreams.
Physics is like sex: sure, it may give some practical results, but that's not why we do it.
Listen Honey, life doesn't get any better, You do!
The words that follow "I am" follow you
I stopped explaining myself after I realized people only understand from their perspective. 
Stop bringing reality into my reality. It's depressing.  
The only thing that is going to fuck you better than me is karma. 
Just be yourself.
Where there's a will, there's a way, kind of beautiful And every night has its day, so magical, and if there's love in this life, there's no obstacle That can't be defeated
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. -Hunter S.
You cannot swim for a new horizon until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. 
Happiness equals reality minus expectations
Effort today. Excellence tomorrow.
The universe has no obligation to make sense to you. 
We can't all do great things but we can all do little things with great love. 
Life's a bitch and now so I am. 
You should never underestimate the predictability of stupidity.
For every action, there is a reaction, and a Piker reaction is quite a fuckin' thing.
Trust = consistency + time
Be able to Laugh at your mistakes so that you can go on to make more interesting mistakes. 
Work so hard in the dark that when you shine in the light people dismiss it as innate talent. 
Obstacles do not block the path, they are the path.
Come with me, I'll ruin your life but it will be fun.
Honest conflict > dishonest harmony
To live is to suffer but to survive is to find meaning in one's suffering. 
Her heart was wild but I didn't want to catch it.  I wanted to run with it to set mine free. 
Leyes hay, lo que falta es justicia. 
Before you give up, think about why you held in for so long. 
Am I crazy? Yes! If I wasn't crazy then I wouldn't be great. 
You can close your eyes to things you don't want to see but you can't close your heart to things you don't want to feel. 
There is no religion greater than truth and a truthful person knows no fear. 
I am a gateway to personal enlightenment – no barriers, boundaries, or limits exist…  i am unleashed.
There is no spoon.
In life you need either inspiration or desperation. 
The Journey to love isn't about finding the one it's about being the one. 
I intend to live forever, so far so good. 
Being human is a condition that requires a little anesthesia.
Shread till you're dead!
Big airs, no cares!
What is a magicians best friend? A drunk audience. 
It was all a dream.
I don't know the meaning of life but Kissing a girl in the rain is pretty fucking close.
Fear is like fire. It can cook your food or burn your house down. 
You don't have to control your thoughts, you just have to stop letting them control you. 
Don't think of yourself as an ugly person, think of yourself as a beautiful Monkey. 
It's real as long as you don't know it's not real.
One small step at a time.
Worrying didn't empty tomorrow of its troubles, it empties today of it strength. 
In your universe you can make up what ever rules you want as long as you follow them. 
Instead of asking for a seat. Build your own table.
Criticize by creating.
Live by the Sun, love by the Moon.
I bend so that I don't brake. 
She wore the moonlight like lingerie.
Leave all the hate behind with the shadows that pass. 
When I catch people staring at me, I assume they're taking notes on how to be the fucking shit.
To the break of dawn yo!
It's better to be a warrior in a garden than a gardener in a war. 
Fortis Fortuna Adiuvat
Confidence comes not from always being right, but from not caring to be wrong.
If at first you don't succeed, don't try skydiving. 
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
Just get it done bro, just get it done and shut the fuck up!
I don't stop when I'm tired, I stop when I'm done. 
Push yourself because no one else will. 
Trust me on this, I have mastered the art of blind luck. 
Blind luck! You are my spirit animal!
Don't be an extra in your own movie. Be the star.
Sometimes things don't make sense until the end of the story. 
I dream my painting and I paint my dream.
healthe body and spirit will follow
